README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<br>
  <a href="#-announcement-"><kbd> <br> Read this First <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="#-to-use-this-script"><kbd> <br> How to use this script <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="#gallery-and-videos"><kbd> <br> Gallery <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
 </div><br>

<div align="center">

## 💌 ** JaKooLit's Arch Hyprland Install Script ** 💌

![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland?style=for-the-badge&color=cba6f7) ![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland?style=for-the-badge&color=b4befe) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland?style=for-the-badge&color=cba6f7) <a href="https://discord.gg/9JEgZsfhex"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1151869464405606400?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&color=cba6f7&link=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.gg%9JEgZsfhex"> </a>


<br/>
</div>

<div align="center">
👇 KOOL's Hyprland-Dots related Links 👇
<br/>
</div>
<div align="center">
<br>
  <a href="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots"><kbd> <br> Hyprland-Dots repo <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDtGd5Fw5_GjXCznR0BzCJJDIQSZJRbxx"><kbd> <br> Youtube <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki"><kbd> <br> Wiki <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/Keybinds"><kbd> <br> Keybinds <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/FAQ"><kbd> <br> FAQ <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://discord.gg/9JEgZsfhex"><kbd> <br> Discord <br> </kbd></a>
</div><br>

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/blob/main/Activity/Sparkles.webp" alt="Sparkles" width="38" height="38" />
	KooL Hyprland-Dotfiles Showcase 
	<img src="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/blob/main/Activity/Sparkles.webp" alt="Sparkles" width="38" height="38" />
</h3>

<div align="center">

https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/assets/85185940/50d53755-0f11-45d6-9913-76039e84a2cd

</div>

### Gallery and Videos
<details>
<summary>
📷 Screenshots
</summary>
<p align="center">
    <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-ScreenShots/Arch-v2/Arch-Default-Layout.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/dark-theme.png" />   
   <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/Light-theme.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-ScreenShots/Arch-v2/Another-Screenshot.png"" /> 
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/default-waybar.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/rofi.png" />   
   <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/wlogout-dark.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/showcase2.png"" /> 
   <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/waybar-layout.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/waybar-style.png"" /> 
</p>


#### 📷 More Screenshots on v2 [`Link`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/tree/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase) and [`Previous-Screenshots`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/tree/main/Hyprland-ScreenShots/Arch-v2) and 


#### ✨ A video walk through my dotfiles[`Link`](https://youtu.be/fO-RBHvVEcc?si=ijqxxnq_DLiyO8xb)
#### ✨ A video walk on My Hyprland-Dots v2[`Link`](https://youtu.be/yaVurRoXc-s?si=iDnBC5S3thPBX3ZE)

#### 📽️ youtube video showcase: [`Link`](https://youtu.be/W2UFwkgdwNo)

</details>
    
### 🪧🪧🪧 ANNOUNCEMENT 🪧🪧🪧
- This Repo does not contain Hyprland Dots or configs! Dotfiles can be checked here [`Hyprland-Dots`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots) . During installation, if you opt to copy pre-configured dots, it will be downloaded from that centralized repo.
- Hyprland-Dots use are constantly evolving / improving. you can check CHANGELOGS here [`Hyprland-Dots-Changelogs`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/Changelogs) 
- Since the Hyprland-Dots are evolving, some of the screenshots maybe old
- the wallpaper offered to be downloaded towards the end is from this [`REPO`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Wallpaper-Bank)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> install a backup tool like `snapper` or `timeshift`. and Backup your system before installing hyprland using this script. This script does NOT include uninstallation of packages

> [!NOTE]
> Main reason why I have not included an uninstallation script is simple. Some packages maybe already installed on your system by default. If I create an uninstall script with packages that I have set to install, you may end up a unrecoverable system. 

> [!CAUTION] 
> Download this script on a directory where you have write permissions. ie. HOME. Or any directory within your home directory. Else script will fail

#### 🆕  Prerequisites
- This install script is intended for atleast Server type / Minimal Arch Linux installed.

> [!NOTE]
> 🔘 Pipewire and Pipewire audio
- This script will install pipewire and will also disable or will uninstall pulseaudio. If you dont want it, edit install.sh, about line 191 and comment the line  `execute_script "pipewire.sh"` or you can simply just delete pipewire.sh in install-scripts directory before installing. 

#### ✨ Customize the packages to be installed
- inside the install-scripts directory, you can edit 00-hypr-pkgs.sh. Care though as the Hyprland Dots may not work properly!

#### 💫 SDDM and GTK Themes offered
- If you opted to install SDDM theme, here's the [`LINK`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/simple-sddm-2)
- If you opted to install GTK Themes, Icons, here's the [`LINK`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/GTK-themes-icons) & Bibata Cursor Modern Ice (assets directory)

#### 👀 NVidia GPU Owners.
- By default, nvidia-dkms will be installed. and only supports GTX 900 and newer. If required to install older driver, edit the nvidia.sh in install-scripts directory
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you want to use nouveau driver, choose N when asked if you have nvidia gpu. This is because the nvidia installer part, it will blacklist nouveau. Hyprland will still be installed but it will skip blacklisting nouveau.
- After installation, check [`THIS`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/Notes_to_remember#--for-nvidia-gpu-users)

## ✨ to use this script
> clone this repo (latest commit only) to reduce file size download by using git. Change directory, make executable and run the script

>[!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure you have base-devel installed

- Without base-devel installed, script will fail

```bash
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland.git ~/Arch-Hyprland
cd ~/Arch-Hyprland
chmod +x install.sh
./install.sh
```

<p align="center">
    <img align="center" width="100%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland/main/Installer.png" />

#### ✨ for ZSH and OH-MY-ZSH installation
> installer should auto change your default shell to zsh. However, if it does not, do this
```bash
chsh -s $(which zsh)
zsh
source ~/.zshrc
```
- reboot or logout
- by default agnoster theme is installed. You can find more themes from this [`OH-MY-ZSH-THEMES`](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/Themes)
- to change the theme, edit ~/.zshrc . Look for ZSH_THEME="desired theme"

#### ✨ TO DO once installation done and dotfiles copied
- ~~if you opted to install gtk themes, to apply the theme and icon, press the dark/light button (beside the padlock). To apply Bibata modern ice cursor, launch nwg-look (GTK Settings) through rofi.~~ Hyprland-Dots v2.1.18, initial boot file will attempt to apply GTK themes,cursor, and icons. You can tweak more using nwg-look (GTK-Settings) utility

- SUPER H for HINT or click on the waybar HINT! Button 
- Head over to [FAQ](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/FAQ) and [TIPS](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/TIPS)


#### 🙋 Got a questions regarding the Hyprland Dots or configurations? 🙋
- Head over to wiki Link [`WIKI`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki)

#### ⌨ Keybinds
- Keybinds [`CLICK`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/Keybinds)
> [!TIP]
> KooL's Dots v2.3.7 has a searchable keybind function via rofi. (SUPER SHIFT K) or right click the `HINTS` waybar button

#### 🙋 👋 Having issues or questions? 
- for the install part, kindly open issue on this repo
- for the Pre-configured Hyprland dots / configuration, submit issue [`here`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/issues)

#### 🔧 Proper way to re-installing a particular script from install-scripts directory
- CD into Arch-Hyprland directory and then ran the below command. 
- i.e. `./install-scripts/gtk-themes.sh` - For reinstall GTK Themes or
- `./install-scripts/sddm.sh` - For reinstall sddm
> [!IMPORTANT]
> DO NOT cd into install-scripts directory as script will most likely to fail

#### 🛣️ Roadmap:
- ~~[ ] Install zsh and oh-my-zsh without necessary steps above~~ DONE 
- [ ] possibly adding gruvbox themes, cursors, icons

#### ❗ some known issues for nvidia
- reports from members of my discord, states that some users of nvidia are getting stuck on sddm login. credit  to @Kenni Fix stated was 
```  
 while in sddm press ctrl+alt+F2 or F3
log into your account
`lspci -nn`, find the id of your nvidia card
`ls /dev/dri/by-path` find the matching id
`ls -l /dev/dri/by-path` to check where the symlink points to 
)
```
- add "env = WLR_DRM_DEVICES,/dev/dri/cardX" to the ENVvariables config `~/.config/hypr/UserConfigs/ENVariables.conf`  ; X being where the symlink of the gpu points to

- more info from the hyprland wiki [`Hyprland Wiki Link`](https://wiki.hyprland.org/FAQ/#my-external-monitor-is-blank--doesnt-render--receives-no-signal-laptop)


- reports from a member of discord for Nvidia for additional env's
- remove # from the following env's on 
```
env = GBM_BACKEND,nvidia-drm
env = WLR_RENDERER_ALLOW_SOFTWARE,1
```

#### ❗ other known issues
- [ ] If you are using this script on an Arch-Based distros like Arco linux, or cachy OS or EOS or Manjaro, make sure to install pipewire, pipewire-pulse & pipewire-audio first. Arco Linux, on some of their ISO's still shipped with pulseaudio as audio backend. You will experience getting "stuck" on installation.
- [ ] To install pipewire and its services , `sudo pacman -S pipewire wireplumber pipewire-audio pipewire-pulse` . When prompted, remove / replace pulseaudio. After that, you can ran `./install.sh`
- [ ] installing of cava-git on a newly installed Arch makes the install keep hanging. Switched back to cava. After booting and logged in, if cava dont work, replace it cava-git `yay -S cava-git` or `paru -S cava-git` 
> [!NOTE]
> Auto start of Hyprland after login (no SDDM or GDM or any login managers)
- [ ] This was disabled a few days ago. (19 May 2024). This was because some users, after they used the Distro-Hyprland scripts with other DE (gnome-wayland or plasma-wayland), if they choose to login into gnome-wayland for example, Hyprland is starting. 
- [ ] to avoid this, I disabled it. You can re-enable again by editing `~/.zprofile` . Remove all the # on the first lines
- [ ] ROFI issues (scaling, unexplained scaling etc). This is most likely to experience if you are installing on a system where rofi is currently installed. To fix it uninstall rofi and install rofi-wayland . `sudo pacman -Rns rofi` . Install rofi-wayland with `sudo pacman -S rofi-wayland`. Rofi-wayland is compatible with x11 so no need to worry.


#### 🫥 Improving performance for Older Nvidia Cards using driver 470
  - [`SEE HERE`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/discussions/123#discussion-6035205)

#### 📒 Final Notes
- join my discord channel [`Discord`](https://discord.com/invite/9JEgZsfhex)
- Feel free to copy, re-distribute, and use this script however you want. Would appreciate if you give me some loves by crediting my work :)



#### ⏩ Contributing
- As stated above, these script does not contain actual config files. These are only the installer of packages
- The development branch of this script is pulling the latest "stable" releases of the Hyprland-Dotfiles.
- If you want to contribute and/or test the Hyprland-Dotfiles (development branch), [`Hyprland-Dots-Development`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/tree/development) 


#### 👍👍👍 Thanks and Credits!
- [`Hyprland`](https://hyprland.org/) Of course to Hyprland and @vaxerski for this awesome Dynamic Tiling Manager.

## 💖 Support
- a Star on my Github repos would be nice 🌟

- Subscribe to my Youtube Channel [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Ja.KooLit) 

- You can also buy me Coffee Through ko-fi.com or Coffee.com 🤩

<a href='https://ko-fi.com/jakoolit' target='_blank'><img height='35' style='border:0px;height:46px;' src='https://az743702.vo.msecnd.net/cdn/kofi3.png?v=0' border='0' alt='Buy Me a Coffee at ko-fi.com' />

[!["Buy Me A Coffee"](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/JaKooLit)

####  📹 Youtube videos (Click to view and watch the playlist) 📹
[![Youtube Playlist Thumbnail](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Youtube.png)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDtGd5Fw5_GjXCznR0BzCJJDIQSZJRbxx&si=iaNjLulFdsZ6AV-t)


## 🥰🥰 💖💖 👍👍👍
[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland.svg?variant=adaptive)](https://starchart.cc/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland)

Commit message:

zsh theme to funky and added fastfetch config for distro specific

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<br>
  <a href="#-announcement-"><kbd> <br> Read this First <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="#-to-use-this-script"><kbd> <br> How to use this script <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="#gallery-and-videos"><kbd> <br> Gallery <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
 </div><br>

<div align="center">

## 💌 ** JaKooLit's Arch Hyprland Install Script ** 💌

![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland?style=for-the-badge&color=cba6f7) ![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland?style=for-the-badge&color=b4befe) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland?style=for-the-badge&color=cba6f7) <a href="https://discord.gg/9JEgZsfhex"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1151869464405606400?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&color=cba6f7&link=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.gg%9JEgZsfhex"> </a>


<br/>
</div>

<div align="center">
👇 KOOL's Hyprland-Dots related Links 👇
<br/>
</div>
<div align="center">
<br>
  <a href="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots"><kbd> <br> Hyprland-Dots repo <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDtGd5Fw5_GjXCznR0BzCJJDIQSZJRbxx"><kbd> <br> Youtube <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki"><kbd> <br> Wiki <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/Keybinds"><kbd> <br> Keybinds <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/FAQ"><kbd> <br> FAQ <br> </kbd></a>&ensp;&ensp;
  <a href="https://discord.gg/9JEgZsfhex"><kbd> <br> Discord <br> </kbd></a>
</div><br>

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/blob/main/Activity/Sparkles.webp" alt="Sparkles" width="38" height="38" />
	KooL Hyprland-Dotfiles Showcase 
	<img src="https://github.com/JaKooLit/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/blob/main/Activity/Sparkles.webp" alt="Sparkles" width="38" height="38" />
</h3>

<div align="center">

https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/assets/85185940/50d53755-0f11-45d6-9913-76039e84a2cd

</div>

### Gallery and Videos
<details>
<summary>
📷 Screenshots
</summary>
<p align="center">
    <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-ScreenShots/Arch-v2/Arch-Default-Layout.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/dark-theme.png" />   
   <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/Light-theme.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-ScreenShots/Arch-v2/Another-Screenshot.png"" /> 
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/default-waybar.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/rofi.png" />   
   <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/wlogout-dark.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/showcase2.png"" /> 
   <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/waybar-layout.png" /> <img align="center" width="49%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase/waybar-style.png"" /> 
</p>


#### 📷 More Screenshots on v2 [`Link`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/tree/main/Hyprland-Dots-Showcase) and [`Previous-Screenshots`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/tree/main/Hyprland-ScreenShots/Arch-v2) and 


#### ✨ A video walk through my dotfiles[`Link`](https://youtu.be/fO-RBHvVEcc?si=ijqxxnq_DLiyO8xb)
#### ✨ A video walk on My Hyprland-Dots v2[`Link`](https://youtu.be/yaVurRoXc-s?si=iDnBC5S3thPBX3ZE)

#### 📽️ youtube video showcase: [`Link`](https://youtu.be/W2UFwkgdwNo)

</details>
    
### 🪧🪧🪧 ANNOUNCEMENT 🪧🪧🪧
- This Repo does not contain Hyprland Dots or configs! Dotfiles can be checked here [`Hyprland-Dots`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots) . During installation, if you opt to copy pre-configured dots, it will be downloaded from that centralized repo.
- Hyprland-Dots use are constantly evolving / improving. you can check CHANGELOGS here [`Hyprland-Dots-Changelogs`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/Changelogs) 
- Since the Hyprland-Dots are evolving, some of the screenshots maybe old
- the wallpaper offered to be downloaded towards the end is from this [`REPO`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Wallpaper-Bank)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> install a backup tool like `snapper` or `timeshift`. and Backup your system before installing hyprland using this script. This script does NOT include uninstallation of packages

> [!NOTE]
> Main reason why I have not included an uninstallation script is simple. Some packages maybe already installed on your system by default. If I create an uninstall script with packages that I have set to install, you may end up a unrecoverable system. 

> [!CAUTION] 
> Download this script on a directory where you have write permissions. ie. HOME. Or any directory within your home directory. Else script will fail

#### 🆕  Prerequisites
- This install script is intended for atleast Server type / Minimal Arch Linux installed.

> [!NOTE]
> 🔘 Pipewire and Pipewire audio
- This script will install pipewire and will also disable or will uninstall pulseaudio. If you dont want it, edit install.sh, about line 191 and comment the line  `execute_script "pipewire.sh"` or you can simply just delete pipewire.sh in install-scripts directory before installing. 

#### ✨ Customize the packages to be installed
- inside the install-scripts directory, you can edit 00-hypr-pkgs.sh. Care though as the Hyprland Dots may not work properly!

#### 💫 SDDM and GTK Themes offered
- If you opted to install SDDM theme, here's the [`LINK`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/simple-sddm-2)
- If you opted to install GTK Themes, Icons, here's the [`LINK`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/GTK-themes-icons) & Bibata Cursor Modern Ice (assets directory)

#### 👀 NVidia GPU Owners.
- By default, nvidia-dkms will be installed. and only supports GTX 900 and newer. If required to install older driver, edit the nvidia.sh in install-scripts directory
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you want to use nouveau driver, choose N when asked if you have nvidia gpu. This is because the nvidia installer part, it will blacklist nouveau. Hyprland will still be installed but it will skip blacklisting nouveau.
- After installation, check [`THIS`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/Notes_to_remember#--for-nvidia-gpu-users)

## ✨ to use this script
> clone this repo (latest commit only) to reduce file size download by using git. Change directory, make executable and run the script

>[!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure you have base-devel installed

- Without base-devel installed, script will fail

```bash
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland.git ~/Arch-Hyprland
cd ~/Arch-Hyprland
chmod +x install.sh
./install.sh
```

<p align="center">
    <img align="center" width="100%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland/main/Installer.png" />

#### ✨ for ZSH and OH-MY-ZSH installation
> installer should auto change your default shell to zsh. However, if it does not, do this
```bash
chsh -s $(which zsh)
zsh
source ~/.zshrc
```
- reboot or logout
- by default `funky` theme is installed. You can find more themes from this [`OH-MY-ZSH-THEMES`](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/Themes)
- to change the theme, `SUPER SHIFT O` , choose  desired theme, and close and open terminal. 
- or manually edit `~/.zshrc` . Look for ZSH_THEME="desired theme"

#### ✨ TO DO once installation done and dotfiles copied
- ~~if you opted to install gtk themes, to apply the theme and icon, press the dark/light button (beside the padlock). To apply Bibata modern ice cursor, launch nwg-look (GTK Settings) through rofi.~~ Hyprland-Dots v2.1.18, initial boot file will attempt to apply GTK themes,cursor, and icons. You can tweak more using nwg-look (GTK-Settings) utility

- SUPER H for HINT or click on the waybar HINT! Button 
- Head over to [FAQ](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/FAQ) and [TIPS](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/TIPS)


#### 🙋 Got a questions regarding the Hyprland Dots or configurations? 🙋
- Head over to wiki Link [`WIKI`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki)

#### ⌨ Keybinds
- Keybinds [`CLICK`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/wiki/Keybinds)
> [!TIP]
> KooL's Dots v2.3.7 has a searchable keybind function via rofi. (SUPER SHIFT K) or right click the `HINTS` waybar button

#### 🙋 👋 Having issues or questions? 
- for the install part, kindly open issue on this repo
- for the Pre-configured Hyprland dots / configuration, submit issue [`here`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/issues)

#### 🔧 Proper way to re-installing a particular script from install-scripts directory
- CD into Arch-Hyprland directory and then ran the below command. 
- i.e. `./install-scripts/gtk-themes.sh` - For reinstall GTK Themes or
- `./install-scripts/sddm.sh` - For reinstall sddm
> [!IMPORTANT]
> DO NOT cd into install-scripts directory as script will most likely to fail

#### 🛣️ Roadmap:
- ~~[ ] Install zsh and oh-my-zsh without necessary steps above~~ DONE 
- [ ] possibly adding gruvbox themes, cursors, icons

#### ❗ some known issues for nvidia
- reports from members of my discord, states that some users of nvidia are getting stuck on sddm login. credit  to @Kenni Fix stated was 
```  
 while in sddm press ctrl+alt+F2 or F3
log into your account
`lspci -nn`, find the id of your nvidia card
`ls /dev/dri/by-path` find the matching id
`ls -l /dev/dri/by-path` to check where the symlink points to 
)
```
- add "env = WLR_DRM_DEVICES,/dev/dri/cardX" to the ENVvariables config `~/.config/hypr/UserConfigs/ENVariables.conf`  ; X being where the symlink of the gpu points to

- more info from the hyprland wiki [`Hyprland Wiki Link`](https://wiki.hyprland.org/FAQ/#my-external-monitor-is-blank--doesnt-render--receives-no-signal-laptop)


- reports from a member of discord for Nvidia for additional env's
- remove # from the following env's on 
```
env = GBM_BACKEND,nvidia-drm
env = WLR_RENDERER_ALLOW_SOFTWARE,1
```

#### ❗ other known issues
- [ ] If you are using this script on an Arch-Based distros like Arco linux, or cachy OS or EOS or Manjaro, make sure to install pipewire, pipewire-pulse & pipewire-audio first. Arco Linux, on some of their ISO's still shipped with pulseaudio as audio backend. You will experience getting "stuck" on installation.
- [ ] To install pipewire and its services , `sudo pacman -S pipewire wireplumber pipewire-audio pipewire-pulse` . When prompted, remove / replace pulseaudio. After that, you can ran `./install.sh`
- [ ] installing of cava-git on a newly installed Arch makes the install keep hanging. Switched back to cava. After booting and logged in, if cava dont work, replace it cava-git `yay -S cava-git` or `paru -S cava-git` 
> [!NOTE]
> Auto start of Hyprland after login (no SDDM or GDM or any login managers)
- [ ] This was disabled a few days ago. (19 May 2024). This was because some users, after they used the Distro-Hyprland scripts with other DE (gnome-wayland or plasma-wayland), if they choose to login into gnome-wayland for example, Hyprland is starting. 
- [ ] to avoid this, I disabled it. You can re-enable again by editing `~/.zprofile` . Remove all the # on the first lines
- [ ] ROFI issues (scaling, unexplained scaling etc). This is most likely to experience if you are installing on a system where rofi is currently installed. To fix it uninstall rofi and install rofi-wayland . `sudo pacman -Rns rofi` . Install rofi-wayland with `sudo pacman -S rofi-wayland`. Rofi-wayland is compatible with x11 so no need to worry.


#### 🫥 Improving performance for Older Nvidia Cards using driver 470
  - [`SEE HERE`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/discussions/123#discussion-6035205)

#### 📒 Final Notes
- join my discord channel [`Discord`](https://discord.com/invite/9JEgZsfhex)
- Feel free to copy, re-distribute, and use this script however you want. Would appreciate if you give me some loves by crediting my work :)



#### ⏩ Contributing
- As stated above, these script does not contain actual config files. These are only the installer of packages
- The development branch of this script is pulling the latest "stable" releases of the Hyprland-Dotfiles.
- If you want to contribute and/or test the Hyprland-Dotfiles (development branch), [`Hyprland-Dots-Development`](https://github.com/JaKooLit/Hyprland-Dots/tree/development) 


#### 👍👍👍 Thanks and Credits!
- [`Hyprland`](https://hyprland.org/) Of course to Hyprland and @vaxerski for this awesome Dynamic Tiling Manager.

## 💖 Support
- a Star on my Github repos would be nice 🌟

- Subscribe to my Youtube Channel [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Ja.KooLit) 

- You can also buy me Coffee Through ko-fi.com or Coffee.com 🤩

<a href='https://ko-fi.com/jakoolit' target='_blank'><img height='35' style='border:0px;height:46px;' src='https://az743702.vo.msecnd.net/cdn/kofi3.png?v=0' border='0' alt='Buy Me a Coffee at ko-fi.com' />

[!["Buy Me A Coffee"](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/JaKooLit)

####  📹 Youtube videos (Click to view and watch the playlist) 📹
[![Youtube Playlist Thumbnail](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JaKooLit/screenshots/main/Youtube.png)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDtGd5Fw5_GjXCznR0BzCJJDIQSZJRbxx&si=iaNjLulFdsZ6AV-t)


## 🥰🥰 💖💖 👍👍👍
[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland.svg?variant=adaptive)](https://starchart.cc/JaKooLit/Arch-Hyprland)
