.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[Bug]: Short description of the issue"
labels: "Something isn't working"
---

## Bug Report

### Before submitting report

[Kindly review the log files in Install-Logs directory. Some apps may have not installed properly.]

### Description

[Provide a clear and concise description of the bug.]

[If you have issue with installation, kindly attach the Install-Logs which was created by the install script]


### Steps to Reproduce

1. [First Step]
2. [Second Step]
3. [and so on...]

### Expected Behavior

[What did you expect to happen?]

### Actual Behavior

[What actually happened?]

### Screenshots

[If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.]

### Environment

[Please add any other relevant information about the bug and remove the unnecessary lines.]

e.g.,

- Linux Distro: [e.g., ArchLinux, EndeavourOS, Arco, Manjaro]
- Linux Version, output of `uname -a`:
- Hyprland Version, output of `hyprctl version`:
- Installation Environment: [e.g., On The Main Hardware, On A Virtual Machine]
- Other info: [e.g., Display Resolution, Resolution, etc]

### Additional Information

[Add any other information about the problem here. For example, you might include the error message, any recent changes that you made to the project, or any other relevant details.]

Commit message:

added inxi for better diagnostic info

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[Bug]: Short description of the issue"
labels: "Something isn't working"
---

## Bug Report

### Before submitting report

[Kindly review the log files in Install-Logs directory. Some apps may have not installed properly.]

### Description

[Provide a clear and concise description of the bug.]

[If you have issue with installation, kindly attach the Install-Logs which was created by the install script]


### Steps to Reproduce

1. [First Step]
2. [Second Step]
3. [and so on...]

### Expected Behavior

[What did you expect to happen?]

### Actual Behavior

[What actually happened?]

### Screenshots

[If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.]

### Environment

[Please add any other relevant information about the bug and remove the unnecessary lines.]

### show output of `inxi -CGIsSMnr` install package `inxi` if not exist
show output here
```


```

### Additional Information

[Add any other information about the problem here. For example, you might include the error message, any recent changes that you made to the project, or any other relevant details.]
